README.md, before:

# ActionMessage

ActionMessage is heavily-inspired on ActionMailer.
It's a gem for sending SMS/Text messages like we do for sending e-mails on ActionMailer.
Pull requests are more than welcome!

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/actionmessage.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/actionmessage)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dballona/actionmessage.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dballona/actionmessage)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dballona/actionmessage/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dballona/actionmessage)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/dballona/actionmessage/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/dballona/actionmessage)

## Usage

Install it using bundler:

```ruby
# Gemfile
gem 'actionmessage'
```

If you're using Rails, place this on your environment file or application.rb
```ruby
require 'action_message/railtie'

config.action_message = {
	from: "number to send from in international format, e.g.: +11231231234", 
	adapter: { 
		name: :twilio,
		credentials: {
			account_sid: 'MY TWILIO ACCOUNT SID'.freeze,
			auth_token: 'MY AUTH TOKEN'.freeze
		}
	}
}
```

Put this for example, under app/messages/welcome_message.rb
```ruby
class WelcomeMessage < ActionMessage::Base
	def send_welcome_sms(name)
		@name = name
		sms(to: "+5531982726767")
	end
end
```

Define your views under your view path, such as: app/views/welcome_message/send_welcome_sms.text.erb
```html
Welcome, <%= @name %>!
```

Pending implementations:

- Log instrumentation with ActiveSupport;
- Add generators;
- Add test helpers for deliveries count, matching message.body, message.to, etc; 
- Add more adapters such as Plivo;

Commit message:

removing my phone number from README :)

README.md, after:

# ActionMessage

ActionMessage is heavily-inspired on ActionMailer.
It's a gem for sending SMS/Text messages like we do for sending e-mails on ActionMailer.
Pull requests are more than welcome!

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/actionmessage.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/actionmessage)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dballona/actionmessage.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dballona/actionmessage)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dballona/actionmessage/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dballona/actionmessage)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/dballona/actionmessage/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/dballona/actionmessage)

## Usage

Install it using bundler:

```ruby
# Gemfile
gem 'actionmessage'
```

If you're using Rails, place this on your environment file or application.rb
```ruby
require 'action_message/railtie'

config.action_message = {
	from: "number to send from in international format, e.g.: +11231231234", 
	adapter: { 
		name: :twilio,
		credentials: {
			account_sid: 'MY TWILIO ACCOUNT SID'.freeze,
			auth_token: 'MY AUTH TOKEN'.freeze
		}
	}
}
```

Put this for example, under app/messages/welcome_message.rb
```ruby
class WelcomeMessage < ActionMessage::Base
	def send_welcome_sms(name, phone_number_to_send_message)
		@name = name
		sms(to: phone_number_to_send_message)
	end
end
```

Define your views under your view path, such as: app/views/welcome_message/send_welcome_sms.text.erb
```html
Welcome, <%= @name %>!
```

Pending implementations:

- Log instrumentation with ActiveSupport;
- Add generators;
- Add test helpers for deliveries count, matching message.body, message.to, etc; 
- Add more adapters such as Plivo;
